So stiffness basically just a way to detect texture patterns that are
repetitive that you can basically match against in either in
the same image or in another image to build up correspondences,
and it works by looking at the orientation of edges,
and then looking at those edges basically in a specific special window.
Keep on tracking is important if you want to, for instance,
reconstruct or do a larger reconstruction based on many images,
but it's not important just for self-driving cars,
it's also about if you take your cell phone and basically swipe it through the scene,
you can basically take snapshots and then stitch them all
together and create one panoramic image for instance.
For that, you basically need to find
the same image part in all the pictures and link them together,
and that is basically also what key point tracking does,
is basically keeping the same texture structure throughout a sequence of images.